Hey friends, we have a
new sponsor today, and I
want to make sure that
you support them because they
make Hansel minutes possible. Raven
DB, it's a document database
that's non-relational and fully transactional.
It's available for windows and
Linux with official client API
APIs for.net. The JVM go
Ruby, no JS and Python.
Raven DB is designed for
high performance handling tens of
thousands of requests. Even on
a single node. Raven DB
is capable of on the
fly optimization, dynamic indexes, and
much more. It has a
fully loaded gooey, which means
it's simpler to operate and
you don't need, you know,
arcane incantations on the command
line. It just works. It's
fast and it's right. Download
your free community edition@ravendb.net. That's
R a V E N
db.net. I hope you check
it out.  Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
And today I'm talking with
Patricia OSS. She's a C
plus plus programmer, and she's
working at Vivaldi on the
Vivaldi browser. How are you?
I'm good now. I'm good.
Thank you. How are you?
I'm feeling pretty good. I
appreciate you. You're up early
and I'm up late. Cause
we're making our time zones
work and thanks for doing
that. Yeah, you too. This
is really late for you.
It is a little late,
but it's all good because
we're talking about technology and
I'm actually running the Vivaldi
browser. I discovered this a
couple of weeks ago and
it's kind of like making
the rounds. People are talking
about it because it kind
of feels like we're in
a browser monoculture right now.
Doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. I
think, I think we, like,
I used to work in
opera in around 2005, 2009.
And, and back then you
had more, the browsers would
more different. Like they were
more distinct from each other,
but as we, like, as
we progress that they have
become more and more the
same. So it's often very
difficult to notice which browser
you running because they're practically
identical. Yeah. It's funny that
you mentioned that like, even
though like the tabs are
different shape or whatever, you'll
find yourself in, in, you
know, edge or Chrome and
I'll completely forget, like as
long as the website works,
I forget what browser I'm
in, but then as soon
as something weird happens, then
I blame the browser for
whatever. Well, it becomes like
you have to actually look
for the icon to remember
where you are. It's like,
Oh, Oh, okay. Yeah, I'm
a Firefox now. Well, Vivaldi,
is it, is it spiritually
opera? But it's using chromium
as its rendering engine. Cause
it feels opera. It's very
kind of juicy. And like
it moves with the cool
animations and the it's got
bars on all four sides.
It's really neat. It's eh,
it's like, okay. The upper
Basser the, the one before
the chromium based upper Bowzer,
which was the one that
I worked on. And this
is more in that spirit
of, of browser where you
will have lots of built
in features that won't require
you to install extensions for
them. And lots of keyboard
shortcuts, very like, so you
can cuss very customizable so
you can make it so
the way you like it.
So our new slogan is
if you browse more than
you sleep. So basically it's
for people who spend a
lot of time in their
browsers and need to customize
it to their work process,
but for anyone really. But
it's, it's, it's a different
kind of thing than something
that you just casually pop
up and surf with. It's
more something that you want
to control your session's human
too. Yeah, It feels to
me, like I was explaining
this to a friend recently
and they want to know
like, why should I use
it? And I said, well,
it's kind of a prosumer,
like a, not a consumer,
but like a professional consumer.
Cause I found out that
you can hit control P
and there's like a whole
panel that reminds me of
Quicksilver on a Mac. It's
like, all the hotkeys are
buying a bubble and it's
like, you can type what
you want. Instead of if
I don't know the name,
I don't know the hockey,
I can just type like
extensions and it'll show me
extensions and the hockey and
I can hit enter. So
I can like just like
visual studio code, I hit
control P and type and
hit, enter and move really
fast. It's very keyboard friendly.
Yeah. And that, and that
is a lot of people.
Like we used to call
people are power users and
things like that. But I
think what I realized when
I was at opera was
when we, we were very
focused on making the browser
accessible in opera in the
early days. And, and what
we saw was that a
lot of the features that
we added for accessibility were
features that ended up being
used by, by power users
as well, because they are
generally things that made it
easier to do things. You
could do things with a
single key Reiki, do things
just with the keyboards. You
didn't need a mouse. A
lot of those features that
you could think of as
power user features often end
up also being accessibility features
and the other way around.
It's, it's a very, a
very interesting balance. Well, now
that, that, that blink and
the, you know, the, the
kind of the chromium renderer
thing has become a piece
of the web that is
now being reused and then
browsers like Vivaldi and other
browsers can, can bring that
renderer in. I've noticed that
techies online have become very
dismissive. Like, they'll go, Oh,
that's just, you know, skinned
Chrome. And I'm pretty sure
it's not, but people seem
to like to say the
word just, Well, it's funny
because this is a little
bit of browser history, but
we don't have any new
browser engines. There hasn't been
a new browser engine written
since the nineties. And so
Chrome Chrome took the Chrome
blink fork was from the
Safari WebKit fork, which was
from Concord browser, which goes
all the way back to
the nineties. So, so it's
there. So if you want
to say that somebody skinned
something, then somebody skimmed a,
a browser that the KT
project made. So this is,
this is, this is how
it works. A browser engine
is a very big thing.
And unfortunately we only had
four browser families. We had
the Microsoft browser family. And
then you had this, this
one, which was the Concord
kitty family, which is now
called chromium. And then you
had opera which had the
Presto, and then you had
Mozilla with the Firefox gecko
kind of family. And unfortunately
opera decided to discontinue Presto.
It's still, it's still in
use actually, but it's no
longer maintained. And so we
ended up only having three
browser families in the world.
So it's not like, so
all of the browsers are
based on one of those
and you will have further
development. You will have forks,
you will have things like
that, but it's basically, there's,
there's nothing new under the
sun when it comes to
browsers. Well, it's so much
heavier than it used to
be like, I'm on the
same  that I've always
had. It's a super powerful
machine. It can run 90,
90 frames per second VR,
but I'm still kind of
waiting for stuff to render
and waiting for JavaScript to
do its thing. And I'm
wondering whose fault it is.
And it seems just like
the internet itself has become
heavy. You know, one of
the things that I liked
about Vivaldi is if I
go to, like right now,
I'm just going to go
and type control T and
I'll type the verge. And
it's actually showing me the
weight of the page in
the title bar, as I'm
like in the, in the
address bar, as I loaded.
And it's like, you know,
a Meg and a half,
two bags of crap loading,
loading, loading, loading, loading, I'm
it's, it makes you very
conscious of how big things
are when you start showing
up on a page. And
then you see right there
as it loads this heaviness.
I think, I think it's
a combination of things like,
like when I like one
thing that opera, the old
opera pesto was, it was
made for, for low end
devices. Cause we, it was
sold to many embedded type
devices. So we used to,
we used to joke it
could run on a toaster
and it's true. It was
the most lightweight browser ever,
ever, and it was great,
but it was also a
big thing to maintain and,
and opera decided not to,
but chromium on the other
hand, it's, it's, it is
a made for, for desktop
browsers or desktop machines. And
it's quite memory heavy. It's
quite CPU heavy, no offense
to anyone. But I think
most people have realized that,
and it's, it's a different
kind of philosophy. And, and
I think hopefully that, that
we are seeing that this
is not something that scales.
So you can't make a
browser that only works on
development machines. You have to
make a browser that works
for low end machines. And
I hope that we will
see more of that. I
hope that we'll see a
conscious effort to, to, to
make the footprint less. But
at the same time, like
you said, the web has
also grown, right? We are
using MPM packages. We are
pulling down all sorts of
things we might not even
need. And that's fine. If
you, if you have a
fixed price internet, then you
can, you, you don't really
care about all of the
megabytes or gigabytes you're downloading.
But if you are like,
you're paying for per megabyte
and you're downloading over a
bad network somewhere in the
middle of nowhere. And then
this becomes a big issue.
And I'm hoping that that
will improve, that people have
been starting to talk about
how they could only load
what they need when they
need it, instead of just
basically downloading everything. Hmm. Now
you've been doing C plus
plus for, for a nontrivial
amount of time. I won't
give a number, but a
long time, right. You've been
a C plus plus person.
That's kind of like the
language of your soul. That's
the one you keep coming
back to. Yeah, I was,
I, when I, when I
was at university, I was
actually, my main programming language
was Java. I also did
a bunch of other programming
languages. My first programming language
was lisp or a scheme,
which is a dialect of
lists. But so, but I
did many different, different languages,
but when I was finished
at university, I wanted to,
I wanted to work on
my browser, which was opera.
So I applied for opera
and, and that's the, when
I started programming C plus
plus. So that was in
2005. So it's, it's almost
13 years now. Hmm. Well,
there's all this talk like
on the, on the social
web about C-sharp and go
and Java and all of
these kind of like high,
you know, quote unquote higher
level languages with garbage collectors
and stuff. And a lot
of us like learn to
C plus plus in school
and then moved on and
they w you know, there's
a group of us. I
hope I'm not like, I'm
not trying to be mean
to your language, but, you
know, kind of think of
C plus plus as low
level, is that a fair
statement to say C plus
is a low level. Th
th the thing is for
me personally, I can program
in many languages. I've worked
professionally for two years as
a Java programmer. I've also
programmed in other languages while
being a C plus plus
developer, mainly things JavaScript, Python
and Java as well. I've
never, I've never programmed in
C-sharp, but I, I'm very
interested in learning new languages
reasonably. I try to look
at rest and go, and
I'm of the opinion that
most languages have their use
case, their niche, the thing
that they're good at. So
what C plus plus is
good at is for cross
platform work, where you need
platform integration, and also anything
that it has high performance
requirements, especially around memory access,
where, where that is something
that you can control really
well in C plus plus.
But I do also feel
that a lot of people
who knew sip that's supposed
to be for, could really
benefit from looking at the
language again, because the type
of C plus plus that
we right now is very
different from the type of
C plus plus we wrote
20 years ago, and it
is much more similar to
other types of languages. You're
like, you could look at
C plus plus written in
like what we call modern
C plus plus, or something.
People are talking about postmodern
souffles, but, but if you
look at it, it will
look more like other types
of, of functional type languages
where like middle way languages
like Python or JavaScript, or
where you will have more
functional type syntax. I mean,
we have auto, we have
Lambdas, we have all sorts
of things that, that make
it so that you can
write things in a different
way than, than in the
C type way that people
wrote C plus plus before.
Hmm. Well, cause like originally,
if I understand correctly, one
of the original requirements for
C plus plus was backward
compatibility with C right. It
was C plus plus, and
you were supposed to make
all the C programmers comfortable.
Yeah. And, and, and still
it's a, it's not a
perfect containment. We, there are
differences between the C subsection
of C plus plus and
C today. Yeah. That is
mostly true, but we don't
really recommend like professional C
plus plus programmers today. Don't
recommend writing C in C
plus, plus we recommend using
C plus plus constructs, especially
for a memory safety reasons.
So if you look at
modern C plus, plus it
doesn't look like C at
all, and it actually makes
it really like, I am
not a very good C
programmer. I'm, I'm kind of
a bad C programmer because
the thing is, I'm used
to programming with the C
plus plus constructs. And the
moment I ended up in
C I'm like, but how
do I do these things
then I am used to
doing in this way? So
what we are, I think
we're ending up in the
situation where we're thinking that
if you want to learn
C plus plus today, I
would recommend you not knowing
C I would recommend it.
I think it'd be probably
better off coming from, from
something like a managed language
like Python or, or, or,
or maybe C-sharp or Java,
and then having a C
plus plus program. I teach
you how to do similar
things, because if you're coming
from C or are, are
used to allocating memory in
the C Lakeway, and that
is not something that we
recommend, and that becomes sort
of like a hurdle, you
kind of have to get
over to program like a
C plus plus developer. Yeah.
So that means that, that
my, you know, 25 years
ago learning C and allocating
money deleting my own memory
is going to be a
problem. And it's going to
creep into my modern C
plus plus code. And I'm
going to forget it. It's
almost like speaking old English
instead of proper English. Yeah.
I have, I have a
talk which is on YouTube.
It's, it's called a C
plus plus for Java developers.
And it, I think it's,
it's an interesting talk for
anyone who's coming from a
different kind of language and
has like a vague understanding
of Java. But one of
the slides that, and I
say, it's the most important
slide is, is I have
this black background. And it
says in green text, don't
do this. And w what
it says is, is it
allocates with new? And I
was like, don't allocate with
new try, never to allocate
with new, and which, which
also means of course never
allocate with my luck. And
then suddenly I say, if
you do that, if you,
you go in and you
consciously say, I'm not going
to allocate anything with new,
then you are in a
much better place to actually
try to figure out how
modern C plus plus works,
because we hardly ever use
new. I go for delete
as well. Yeah. We don't
do delete either. Who does
the delete LA we use
the stack to manage memory
lifetimes. So you either have
some kind of what we
call right. Type construct, which
is called resource allocation is
initialization, but it's basically like
a smart point a thing
where you, which will hold
the object. And when it
goes out of scope, it
will delete it automatically. And
so you will either allocate
on the stack, or you
will have a smart pointer
will transitively hold something from
the stack to whatever you
have on the heap. So
that whenever what you have
in the stack goes out
of scope. Everything will be
automatically deleted. So we don't
write, delete Mo like the
only times you write new
and delete is if you
make some kind of special
new container thing, but generally
you don't need to do
that. So we use things
like unique pointer or things
that come in the standard
library to do that. So
you generally don't have to
do a, I don't remember
last time I wrote new
actually, Hey folks, Intel is
a sponsor this week, and
I welcome them because they're
bringing some high performance developer
tools for all of us
check out Intel's parallel studio
X, E I've talked about
parallelism before on the show
and the importance of using
the complete instruction set, unlocking
the power of the process
or that your code is
running on. Now, you all
might be writing C or
C plus plus Python, or
even Fortran, but as your
code building in such a
way and written in such
a way that it uses
the latest techniques for vectorization
multithreading multi-node parallelization or memory
optimization, Intel parallel studio ECC
as a lot of new
stuff for 2018 across all
these languages, get a free
download at  dot com
slash parallel studio Z, or
certainly go and Google or
Google with being for Intel
parallel studio XC and get
started boosting your apps performance
with smart parallel code with
a lot less effort, check
them out bitly.com/parallel studio X
E. Well, okay. So if
you've, if everything is, if
it's stack and scope based
and the language is deleting
for you, when things go
out of stacks, you know,
going out of scope, how
do you keep, you know,
are you passing stuff around
like a functional language, or
is there a global, you
know, global heap? How do
you have objects that have
a scope that's bigger than,
you know, singletons or scope
it's program level? You can
have things that are global,
but mostly we have ended
up in that, that this
is like the discussion we
have in all the languages
right now, I guess, that
we've been having for a
while, since, since we decided
that the whole Singleton concept
was problematic because of a
unit testing. So, and that's,
that's also a discussion that,
that has been in C
plus plus for the same
reason. Like how do you
mock things out if you
have globals that can be
accessed from everywhere. And I
guess to that end, most
people have ended up with
not having like globals in
that way anymore, but you
might have long living objects.
So she will have maybe
objects that live from the
beginning of the program til
the end, but they are
maybe allocated very early in
the process. So basically very
far down the stack and
will only go out of
scope when the proper program
exits, and then you will
pass it around if you
need it. But generally we,
like, I think in all
languages, we're kind of moving
away from, from having these
big global Singleton things. So
it's all stack or it's
mostly stack based scope. And
unless you'd go and do,
you know, a smart pointers
make shared and shared pointer
and things like that, but
is why do we on
the, in the C sharp
and the Java world love
our garbage collectors so much.
If this is a problem
that's kind of been solved
and C plus plus embraces
their own kind of way
of doing object lifetime and
resource management. Well, I don't
know if you do well.
I was a Java some
last year. It's a big
Java conference here in Oslo,
and I've been there many
times because like I said,
I used to program in
Java and it was funny.
I was during the, like
the two days or whatever
the conference was. I, I,
I think I was at
like five different talks that
were about memory problems, because,
and, and, and th the
reason why you're seeing this
is something that we've seen
across the industry. It is
the relative cost of memory
access is becoming a problem
in all programming languages. The,
the cost of accessing something
that is in a registered
as something that is in
the L one cash L
to cash, and then going
all the way, all the
way out to memory, it
can be extremely expensive. And,
and the way that Java
has traditionally allocated memory means
that you will have a
lot of cash misses and,
and memory accesses can be
really expensive, but Java is
also working on that. They're
also working on things on,
on, on how to do
stack based allocations, how to
do more co-located and memory
allocations. And I'm sure, although,
I don't know C C
sharp. I'm sure that Microsoft
is probably doing some new
things, because it is a
problem that if you are,
if you're doing a lot
of memory accesses that they
are not co located, then
you, you get cash misses
all the time. You don't
get any help from your
ELA, one Noel, two caches,
and that can make, that
can make or break your
application. Like that's, that's a
10 times hundred times difference
in, in performance for, for
some application. Yeah, just, just
recently in the last six
months, I would say maybe
a year C-sharp has started
doing this thing called span
span of QI as a
generic. It's basically let you
represent contiguous region of arbitrary
memory, but it still looks
safe, but it acts like
a straight array with a
pointer to like real memory.
And all these allocations disappear.
Like all this stuff, we
were copying things around, just
disappear. And you just like,
you know, for parsing H
HTTP, rather than chopping things
up, we just pointing to
a memory and it never
moves. No. See, so yeah,
everyone is having to deal
with this problem because the,
the difference has become very
large and it's really hitting
applications. And especially for things
that are, that are memory
bound, that is, that is
when the problem is. So
it's funny. They generally, when
you see these benchmarks between
programming languages, they are often
very difficult to measure things.
Because if you know, if
you are a CPU bound,
then memory accesses won't hurt
you. But if you have
memory accesses, then suddenly how
you access memory as a
huge deal. But I think
most languages are dealing with
this in different kinds of
ways. Now I'm reading on
the web that C plus
plus is getting a Renaissance
because, you know, power is,
is King and well C
plus plus, and Java have
like productivity benefits. You know,
you just, you can't beat
C plus plus when it
comes down to high efficiency
on like devices with limited
hardware. So like, does that
mean that like games and,
you know, really high perf
stuff and things on small
devices, it's all ultimately C
plus plus I think, I
think to a certain degree
it's become that. And I
think that the whole, like,
okay, I, I don't like
the term internet of things,
but basically the embedded with
wifi. I don't think anyone
likes that, but the concept
of running on low end
devices, I think we're getting,
we're getting more and more
little chips that are able
to run software. And, and
what is interesting also is
that what we used to
have is like, you had
like a jump from really
low end devices to a
high end devices. There wasn't
a lot in between, but
what you're seeing is that
you're getting more of a
scale where, where there is
an actual, like sliding scale
from really low end devices,
all the way to high
end devices and for the
really low end devices than,
than C and C plus
plus is basically all they
can run. And then, but
then you're moving up a
little bit and then suddenly,
you know, you can have
Python and you can have
other things. And so I'm
not sure, I, I think
for high performance applications that,
where that is a big
deal, and you don't have
the hardware to do anything
more expensive than you're going
to see a lot of
CNC plus plus, and, and,
and GPO programming as well,
because people are, people are
really learning how to, to
push stuff out of their
GPU. Yeah. Yeah. I have
you, do you know, have
you heard, seen what Stephanie
ho Hurlbert and her company
is doing with their, their
GPU image compressor? Yeah, I,
well, I only what she
has been writing on Twitter
and just a little bit
here and there, but it
looks really interesting. I think
that also with regards to,
to memory bandwidth and to
performance, that's very interesting. I
think you could see being
able to do much more
vibrant games on our lower
end devices with, with that
kind of technology. So it's
very interesting. Well, speaking of
perf let's pick on a
competitive browser here. I am
talking to you using a
podcasting application called Zencaster and
I am inside of Google
Chrome. I'm sorry. And it
has 61 processes running totaling
2.3 gigabytes. And one of
them is called GPU. Now,
if I open up Vivaldi,
just in one or two
pages, I'll have, you know,
nine to 10. Why, why
do these browsers, yours included
have dozens of, of processes
that make up some parent
process as opposed to one
super everything in process for
speed. Okay. This is browser
history time again. Okay. So,
so let's, let's turn back
the clock to, to 2005,
2006, 2007 opera was by
and large one browser. Most
browsers were one, one process.
Most browsers were one process
opera on Lennox had had
a separate plugin process where
we were running plugins in
a separate process, but we
were running them in process
in, on, on Mac and
windows and all, and all
other routers were doing the
same. And then Google decided
to make a browser, a
new browser. It was called
Chrome, which was funny because
it didn't have any Chrome.
That was like a thing,
because that was the thing.
When Google came out, it
didn't have any window Chrome,
but they called the Chrome
anyway, but it was a,
it was a very, very
simple UI, very, very clean,
very interesting, but what they
needed was an engine for
this. And before Apple had
forked the Katie Concord type
project and created this thing
called web kit, which they
use to make the Safari
browser and Google looked around
and decided that this was
probably the best thing to
use WebKit as their engine
for their new browser. But
this was basically an in
house project in, in Apple,
but they were doing source
code dumps every night. Now
this is how I remember
it. So if somebody remembers
it differently, please tell me
because this is how I
remember it from the, at
the time. And so, so
Apple was doing source code
dumps every night, and Google
had to pick it up
and there was no revision
history, and this was kind
of problematic because WebKit was
unstable. And there was very,
it was very difficult for
Google to control quality. So
they made a framework around
WebKit where they put WebKit
in his own process. And
they made a separate browser
process to manage all of
these WebKit processes. And they
call these WebKit processes for
renders. So the end, and
then they had one per
tab, and then they've pitched
us as a feature for
Chrome that, you know, a
tab can crash, but it
won't crash the browser. But
basically it was because they
were, they were incorporating an
engine that was very unstable.
And Yeah, I was going
to say like, Hey, look,
a tab can crash. And
the whole world doesn't crash.
Like why are tabs crashing?
So it was a, it
was it an architectural solution
to a, to a real
world problem. And, and, and
it was, it was quite
a kind of an interesting
solution as well, because suddenly
now you have, you have
all of these separate processes
that are rendering things, and
then you have the browser
process. That is the one
that is responsible for the
global kind of state. And,
and then you still have
to compose all of these
images together into one thing
and put it on the
screen. And so in the
beginning, if I remember correctly,
everything was software rendered, so
everything was done in the
browser process. And so basically
they would just send pics,
maps all to the browser
and Nebraska would compose it
all to one big window.
And, and that's what you
saw on the screen, but
after a while, you want
to do this with the
GPU and, and what they
got as a side effect
of this architecture of course,
is that they could use
platform primitives to set up
individual sandboxing environments for each
type of process. And they
did that. And so, so
you have a very strict
sandbox for the vendor process.
So for example, on Linux,
it cannot access network. It
cannot access the platform file
system at all. It's basically
living in a world where
it can only see itself
as a process. It's using
a lot of Linux APIs
to basically isolate the vendor
a lot. And then this
is a good thing because
we, you know, JavaScript is
a, is executing a new
machine. I make a joke.
Sometimes that remote code execution
is our business model. That's
what we do Pretty much.
That is the definition of
a problem. Yeah. We download
random code from the internet
and execute it on your
machine. And so, and so
as a, having that in
some kind of sandbox environment
is in a very good
idea. So, so, but, but
so they did that. So
they, they ended up having
very different kinds of sandboxing
for the different kinds of
processes. And then if you're
going to pull in a
GPU driver and no, and,
and, and, and, and a
graphics framework, then this is
going to require gaping hole
in your sandbox. So basically
then you put it in
a separate process where it
has a more permissive sandbox
than new renters, and then
you try to figure out
how that's going to work.
And that's like, that's a
whole other architecture they made
on top of it again,
which is very interesting, which
I made another talk about.
So this is great. So
this you're going to give
me a whole bunch of
great links that I'm going
to point everyone through, because
I think that we could
probably go on for, for
an hour, but we're, we're,
we're out of time. Where
can people look at these?
I went and Googled for
your name and found a
ton of great talks you've
given on GPU on security
and C plus plus on
modern C plus, plus these
are all available on video.
And have you spoken at
a ton of conferences? Like
NDC? Yeah. Yeah. I, a
bunch that are on YouTube,
some that are on Vimeo
and yeah. So you Google
my name. You can generally
find videos And do you're
working on Vivaldi now for
the company full time. You're
a startup, would we call
it? Yeah, I guess you
can call it a startup.
It's it's a privately owned.
So it's owned by you.
And one of the founders
of opera, he, he, he
owns Vivaldi and he is
funding it. So it's from
his, his, his pocket, his
pocket. Yeah. Great. Well, people
should check it out. It's
Viv a L D I
vivaldi.com it super fast on
windows. And it's really like
attractive. It's a very attractive
browser. The, the history page
is almost worthwhile using that
like history on Chrome. It's
just a list, but history
and  has statistics and
browsing activity. And what kind
of links you click on
and a calendar view and
a month view. It's really,
really interesting. And it's disturbingly
customizable. There's 50 11 ways
to do stuff and I
can move the taps to
the top, bottom, the left,
the right, you know, any
way you want it to
look, it can be skinned,
lots of different ways. And
then also tab tiling and
stacking, which is something you
don't see anymore as well.
It's, it's not crumb at
all, but it's, it's pretty
cool. I'm glad you like
it. Yeah. I'm having a
lot of fun with it.
I think it's great that
there's, you know, sure. There's
edge, there's Firefox and there's
Chrome. And I think they're
all browsers worth checking out,
but there's also brave and
there's Vivaldi and, you know,
suddenly we've got a five
to six browser race here,
and it's a lot of
fun to try these new
browsers. And, and if it,
if you find one that
feels good, that has the,
the features that you want.
We, you should talk to
people about it. And I
appreciate you talking to me.
Thank you. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week. .